To: Lina Kozlova <lina.kozlova@vanderbilt.edu> 
From: comment-reply@wordpress.com
Date: Sun, 10 March 08:00

[Site logo image]	In medias PHIL
Spring Happenings
	
March 10
I trust that everyone celebrated, in their own fashion, the 750th anniversary of Thomas Aquinas's death this past week. (My own celebrations took place in Leuven.) For anyone uninspired by that anniversary, we now have the 750th anniversary of the 1277 condemnations to look forward to in three years' time.

Here's some information about what's going on in the field. Many of the deadlines are for this Friday, March 15.

Notre Dame's History of Philosophy Forum is advertising a three-year postdoc, open to any area in the history of philosophy. The application deadline is March 25, 2024. Details here.

That same Notre Dame program is advertising two funding opportunities to spend limited periods of time conducting research in South Bend. The application deadlines are March 15, 2024. Details here.

Funded PhD positions in medieval studies are available through a program jointly sponsored by King's College London and Kent University, thanks to a grant from the Leverhulme Trust. See details here. Students interested in applying in philosophy should contact Dr. Zita Toth (KCL).

There's also the opportunity for PhD funding in Helsinki, working with Filipe Pereira da Silva on the topic of ancient sources of matter in late medieval commentaries on Aristotle. The application deadline is this week: March 15, 2024. Details here.

Help wanted. Some time ago, I announced an initiative to start an open-access series of editions and translations in medieval philosophy. Through the hard work of many, this initiative---the Medieval Text Consortium---is now coming close to seeing the appearance of its first volume, with more in the works. We would be glad to receive proposals for future volumes. At the moment, though, we are looking for someone with skills in LaTeX typesetting (or at a minimum an enthusiasm to learn), who could help us bring these volumes into print. Some compensation is available. Anyone interested in being involved in the project should [contact me directly].
