To: Raj Patel <raj.patel@vanderbilt.edu>From: Writing Studio <writing.studio@vanderbilt.edu>Date: Thurs, March 7, 2024 10:59 Subject: Writing Studio Openings: Seeking Writing Consultants for 2024-2025  Having trouble viewing this email? View as a webpage. VPUE - Writing Studio News and Notes E-Newsletter [Vanderbilt University]March 2024 Call for Writing Consultant Applications for 2024-2025At the Writing Studio we are seeking enthusiastic student writers—from all departments and diverse backgrounds—to join our staff of Writing Consultants in 2024-2025.Apply by Monday, March 18, for priority consideration.Applications will continue to be accepted following March 18 until all 2024-2025 openings are filled.Submit an intent to apply to let us know your application is forthcoming!Why Become a Writing Consultant?Writing Consultant Position: Key InfoStarting AY24-25 Pay: $15.50 per hourTime Commitment: 5-15 hours per week (set by the consultant each semester)Start Date: August 12, 2024Paid time includes training and ongoing professional development activities. See our website for important information on mandatory August training.Application deadline: For priority consideration apply by Monday, March 18.**Need more time? You can now submit an intent to apply via an option we’ve added to our online application form.*After March 18, applications will continue to be accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis until all 2024-2025 openings are filled.As part of the Writing Studio, Writing Consultants offer one-on-one writing consultations and have opportunities to facilitate in-class workshops and contribute to various projects such as the development of educational resources.Given the centrality of writing to life of the university, the Writing Consultant role is a wonderful chance for students to contribute to a community of support at the university, while growing as educators, scholars, and researchers.In service of our mission to support writing across the whole Vanderbilt community, we encourage applications from students from diverse backgrounds and from departments and programs across the University. We welcome applications from students who are multilingual or who have experience supporting language learning. We appreciate and encourage applications from those who anticipate receiving Federal Work Study, which can be applied to this position.To Apply (and Find Out More)View full details about the position and the application on our Writing Consultant Positions page.Apply soon to ensure consideration. We will continue to accept applications until all remaining 2024-2025 openings are filled.Consider Submitting an “Intent to Apply”Take a moment to indicate your intent to apply via an option we’ve added to our online application form prior to having all of your application materials ready.We appreciate knowing your application materials will be forthcoming!New to the Writing Studio?Our “Get to Know the Writing Studio” is a great starting place to familiarize yourself with the variety of Writing Studio supports tailored to students’ needs as writers.Questions?For more information e-mail John Bradley, Director, at john.bradley@vanderbilt.edu. The Writing Studio supports writers, instructors of writing, and all the ways writing is an essential medium for learning, discovery, serving our communities, and achieving our goals within the Vanderbilt community.One-on-one writing consultation appointments are available in-person and online Sundays-Fridays, as early as 9:00 a.m. and as late as 8:00 p.m. Bring writing projects at any stage in the writing process. Schedule up to 7 days in advance through the Writing Studio website.Writing Studio Homepage  |  About  |  Locations  |  For Undergraduates  |  For Graduate and Professional Students  |  For Instructors  |  Handouts and Writing Guides  |  Events and Workshops  |  Anchor LinkCurb Center building (1801 Edgehill Ave.), Suite 112  |  writing.studio@vanderbilt.edu  |  615-343-2225   Vanderbilt University is committed to principles of equal opportunity and affirmative action.Vanderbilt®, Vanderbilt University®, V Oak Leaf Design®, Star V Design® and Anchor Down® are trademarks of The Vanderbilt University. ©2024 Vanderbilt University. All rights reserved.