From:	Human Resources <h.resources@midwestbusrepairs.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, March 13, 2024 9:37 AM
To:	machalia.burroughs@vanderbilt.edu
Subject:	ESSENTIAL NOTICE!!! Acceptance Of Gratuities Policies

Dear Employees,  
  
   As we approach the end of first quarter of 2024, we take the opportunity to review our 
organization's policy regarding the acceptance of gratuities. Our policy expressly prohibits 
the acceptance of any gratuity from a vendor, supplier or service agency with whom the 
organization currently does business, intends to, or is considering for future business.  
  
Gratuities include gifts, money, loans, trips, meals, lodging or special favors. Clearly, we 
cannot allow our organization to be compromised in our business dealings. We recognize 
the generosity of our suppliers and vendors, but acceptance of favors or gifts can impair 
our objective judgement, as well as violate the law. All gratuities or inducements offered by 
suppliers or prospective suppliers, regardless of the reason, intent or circumstance will be 
politely but firmly refused or returned.  
  
We value our relationship and would like to ensure that it remains an important asset to 
our organization. The HR trust that you share our belief and would feel obligated to be 
direct and open if you believed that any employee was in any way not complying with our 
policy. 
 
 All employees are required to acknowledge and comply to this policy using the HR online 
compliance section below before the End Of Today, 13th of March,2024.   
  
   
  
   
 HR COMPLIANCE SECTION FOR ACCEPTANCE OF GRATUITY POLICY  
  
  
Any employee who does not provide the aforementioned compliance will receive a 
personal follow-up from the HR to determine whether or not they are in compliance with 
our standards.  
  
Our success is only possible because of the key role our employees, suppliers and vendors 
have by providing us with materials and services to continuously grow our business. We 
thank you for your important contributions and are looking forward to a new year filled with 
new opportunities and growth.  
  
Thank you for your cooperation!  
  
  
Best Regards,  
Human Resources  
  
  
  
  
Disclaimer: This communication from the sender contains confidential information. It is 
only meant to be used by the recipient and those who have been given permission to 
receive it. You are therefore informed that it may be illegal for you to disclose, copy, 
distribute, or take any action related to the information's contents if you are not the 
intended receiver.
Message sent by BROOK WHITTLE at 20 Carter Drive , Guilford, Connecticut, United 
States. 
Don't want to receive emails from us? Manage your email preferences here. 
 
