Source Link: https://it.brown.edu/alerts/read/online-course-assigned-you-brown-university
To: [NA]
From: automated-message@everfi.net">automated-message@everfi.net
Date: 2021-07-14
Subject: Online Course Assigned to You by Brown University
Attachment: [NA]
Body: 
EVERFI
You Have a New Assignment
Brown University
[Log In]
Hello Josiah,
In an effort to further advance our students beyond the classroom, Brown University has partnered with EverFi to help students address critical life skills such as prevention of alcohol misuse and abuse and sexual assault. Brown works to provide you diverse and comprehensive opportunities for health and wellness educational empowerment. We require you to complete AlcoholEdu and Sexual Assault Prevention for Undergraduates courses as a beginning to this journey. We want you to engage with this programming before arriving at Brown so that you are prepared to make well-informed decisions about issues that affect your college years and beyond. As a newly admitted Brown University student, “it is expected that an individual’s personal integrity will be reflected not only in honest and responsible actions but also in a willingness to offer direction to others whose actions may be harmful to themselves or the community.” If you fail to comply with the requirement to complete these courses you will be referred to the Office of Student Conduct and Community Standards.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY:
You are required to complete AlcoholEdu and Sexual Assault Prevention courses.
Always sign in through the log in button on this email invitation using your Brown email and password for Brown SSO log in.
Login problems? Visit the Computing and Information Services help desk at https://it.brown.edu/get-help to submit a ticket or call 401-863-4357.
Complete Part 1 of AlcoholEDU and Sexual Assault Prevention courses by 8/15/2021.
Approximately 30 days after arriving on campus you will receive an invitation to complete Part 2 of AlcoholEDU and Sexual Assault Prevention courses.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
You will need Internet access and audio capabilities. If you do not have internet, please check out available sites in your local community
Courses are best supported by the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, and Safari (preferred), or Microsoft Internet Explorer 11+You may take the courses in multiple sittings.
The courses may include surveys to help personalize your experience and measure students’ attitudes and behaviors. All survey responses are confidential; the school will only receive information about the student body as a whole and will never see individual students’ answers.
If you have any accessibility issues, please select “accessibility mode” once you are in the course.
Need more help? Contact EVERFI’s tech support using “Help” within the course or by visiting support.everfi.com or call 1-866-384-9062.
We recognize the prevalence of interpersonal violence and substance abuse and the difficulty that could impose on completing these courses. As such the content in these online courses includes a safety exit and links to resources for anyone in need of emotional support. If it would be difficult for you to complete either course, please email orientation@brown.edu for assistance.
Thank you for being an important part of keeping Brown's campus safe and supportive for everyone. Enjoy the courses!
Sincerely, Brown Orientation Team
Assigned Content: AlcoholEDU and Sexual Assault Prevention courses
Due: 8/15/2021
EVERFI partners with Brown University for critical skills learning. This message was sent to Josiah Carberry at josiah_carberry@brown.edu on behalf of an admin at Brown University.
Please do not forward this email. If you believe you received this email in error, please reach out to the administrator at Brown University. You can unsubscribe from training invitations, but please note that by unsubscribing, you will miss notifications and deadlines for all future required training from Brown University.
Please do not reply to this email. The message is from an unmonitored mailbox operated by EVERFI on behalf of Brown University.
If you have additional questions or need help, please visit us at https://support.everfi.com
© 2021 EVERFI | 2300 N Street NW, Suite 500, Washington, DC 200370037